CSS/discord/README.md, before:

# Discord Cyberpunk-Neon

This is the Cyberpunk Neon theme for Discord. Everything is recolored to fit the theme. But nothing more than the colors are changed.

## Installation
* [BetterDiscord](https://gist.github.com/ObserverOfTime/d7e60eb9aa7fe837545c8cb77cf31172): Download the CSS file (you can click [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/Discord-Cyberpunk-Neon.theme.css) and right-click in the page to "Save As...". Then save the .css file in BetterDiscord's theme folder.

And don't forget to apply in BetterDiscord Theme Settings!

* Discord in a browser (Firefox, Chrome...), use the [userstyles version](https://userstyles.org/styles/174712/discord-cyberpunk-neon) with the Stylus extension.

## Screenshots 

Main view
![Main view](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/screenshots/discord-main.png)

Others
![Others](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/screenshots/discord-popurri.png)

You are free to modify, share, and even propose changes to this theme if you want.

Commit message:

Transparent version of Discord Cyberpunk-Neon

CSS/discord/README.md, after:

# Discord Cyberpunk-Neon

This is the Cyberpunk Neon theme for Discord. Everything is recolored to fit the theme. But nothing more than the colors are changed.

## Installation
Now you can choose between the classic version and a transparent version with a custom image background (screenshots below). Please notice that the transparent version is not my main focus and it can get some improvements.

### BetterDiscord
First, install [BetterDiscord](https://github.com/rauenzi/BetterDiscordApp/releases) if you don't already have it (GNU/Linux version [here](https://gist.github.com/ObserverOfTime/d7e60eb9aa7fe837545c8cb77cf31172).

* Classic version: Download the Discord-Cyberpunk-Neon CSS file (you can click [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/Discord-Cyberpunk-Neon.theme.css) and right-click in the page to "Save As...". Then save the .css file in BetterDiscord's theme folder.
* Transparent version: Download the Discord-Cyberpunk-Neon-Transparent CSS file (you can click [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/Discord-Cyberpunk-Neon-Transparent.theme.css) and right-click in the page to "Save As...". Then save the .css file in BetterDiscord's theme folder. If you want to change the background, edit the CSS file and change the URL image (instructions inside).

And don't forget to apply in BetterDiscord Theme Settings!

### Web browser
First, install Stylus for [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/stylus/clngdbkpkpeebahjckkjfobafhncgmne) or [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/es/firefox/addon/styl-us/) if you don't already have it.

* Classic version: use the [userstyles version](https://userstyles.org/styles/174712/discord-cyberpunk-neon).
* Transparent version: use the [userstyles version](https://userstyles.org/styles/176407/discord-cyberpunk-neon-transparent).

## Screenshots 

Classic version
![Classic version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/screenshots/discord-cyberpunk-neon-classic.png)

Transparent version
![Transparent version](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/screenshots/discord-cyberpunk-neon-transparent.png)

Others
![Others](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Roboron3042/Cyberpunk-Neon/master/CSS/discord/screenshots/discord-popurri.png)

You are free to modify, share, and even propose changes to this theme if you want.
