apps/README.md, before:

## Apps

### 3DS Theme

There's a Cyberpunk Neon theme for your 3DS homescreen! For this to work, you will need [CFW](https://3ds.hacks.guide/) and [CHMM2](https://gbatemp.net/threads/release-chmm2-custom-home-menu-manager-2.397543/).
You can install it from [Theme Plaza](https://themeplaza.eu/item/28458) or copying the zip archive in the 3ds folder to your themes folder.

### Fedilab

Cyberpunk Neon Fedilab theme is featured on [https://fedilab.app/themes/](https://fedilab.app/themes/). You can also find it in this repository in fedilab/fedilab_cyberpunk-neon.csv

### Firefox

The official theme of Cyberpunk Neon is available in [Firefox Addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/es/firefox/addon/cyberpunk-neon/) (by Thomas Leon Highbaugh).

### Tabletop Simulator

Open the game. Go to Configuration -> Interface -> Theme Editor and click "Import/Export". Now copy the content of tabletop-simulator/tabletop-simulator_cyberpunk-neon.txt

### Telegram

Just drop telegram/cyberpunk-neon.tdesktop-theme into the chat and open it.

### Zim

If you use Zim you can copy zim/style.conf into ~./config/zim

`cp zim/style.conf ~./config/zim/`

Commit message:

Add installation instructions for Telegram android theme

apps/README.md, after:

## Apps

### 3DS Theme

There's a Cyberpunk Neon theme for your 3DS homescreen! For this to work, you will need [CFW](https://3ds.hacks.guide/) and [CHMM2](https://gbatemp.net/threads/release-chmm2-custom-home-menu-manager-2.397543/).
You can install it from [Theme Plaza](https://themeplaza.eu/item/28458) or copying the zip archive in the 3ds folder to your themes folder.

### Fedilab

Cyberpunk Neon Fedilab theme is featured on [https://fedilab.app/themes/](https://fedilab.app/themes/). You can also find it in this repository in fedilab/fedilab_cyberpunk-neon.csv

### Firefox

The official theme of Cyberpunk Neon is available in [Firefox Addons](https://addons.mozilla.org/es/firefox/addon/cyberpunk-neon/) (by Thomas Leon Highbaugh).

### Tabletop Simulator

Open the game. Go to Configuration -> Interface -> Theme Editor and click "Import/Export". Now copy the content of tabletop-simulator/tabletop-simulator_cyberpunk-neon.txt

### Telegram

Just drop telegram/cyberpunk-neon.tdesktop-theme into the chat and open it.

### Telegram Android

Just drop telegram/cyberpunk-neon.attheme into the chat and open it.

### Zim

If you use Zim you can copy zim/style.conf into ~./config/zim

`cp zim/style.conf ~./config/zim/`
